CDRIVER-5713 fix bson_utf8_escape_for_json crash (#1725)
mongodb/mongo-c-driver: src/libbson/doc/bson_utf8_escape_for_json.rst

-------

> A newly allocated string that should be freed with :symbol:`bson_free()`.
> 
> .. warning::
>   If ``utf8`` represents invalid UTF-8 data :symbol:`bson_utf8_escape_for_json` may return NULL or have undefined behavior.
>   UTF-8 may be validated with :symbol:`bson_utf8_validate`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A newly allocated string that should be freed with :symbol:`bson_free()` when ``utf8`` is a valid UTF-8 string, or ``NULL`` if the (possibly invalid UTF-8) string could not be escaped.
```

We should not expose undefined behavior to users when it is (easily) avoidable. Given this function is already capable of handling invalid inputs, recommend documenting the `NULL` result condition as a wider and simpler "could not be escaped" instead.
